## Klausur
    5. Block  
    12. 3.   
    R. HNE 205
# Project Management - The Theory
[Material](./Material/20180129_Theory_project_management.pdf)  

II, IV, V, I, III  
or  
IV, II, V, I, III

## List of stages in a project
- Specification
- analysis
- design
- implementation
- management / controlling
- testing
- documentation
- training

## Find words phrases 
- Aufgaben ausführen
    - carry out tasks
- der zukünftige Benutzer
    - the future user of the product (II, 17)
- in Kontakt bleiben
    - to stay in touch (V, 54)
- Risiken identifizieren
    - calculating risks (V, 48f)
- Geschäfts oder Produktionsverfahren
    - business or production process (II, 23f)
- Anforderungen
    - Requirements (IV, 36)
- Endstadium
    - final stages (III, 27)
- Pflichtenheft
    - list of specifications (II, 21)
- Alternativplan
    - contigency plans (V, 49)

## Logistics Company
[Material](./Material/20180129_project_logistics.pdf)
### Comprehension
1. How long has Sean worked for Softsolutins Ltd.?
    - He has worked for Softsolutions Ltd for two years.
2. Where did he work before?
    - Sean joined Softsolutions Ltd. as a trainee after finishing an IT course at university. 
3. How many people make up the project team?
    - The team consists of Sean Riley, Rajid Singh, Di Brown and Ian Jones.
4. What is Rajind Singh in charge of?
    - Rajid Singh is in charge of systems analysis, since he is an excellent analyst but has poor soft skills.
5. Why could there be a problem between Rajid and Sean?
    - There could be a problem between the two because Rajid is Seans senior, since he worked for two more years at Softsolutions Ltd. than Sean and on top of that expected to be appointed team leader.
6. Why do think Sean and not Rajid was promoted to project manager?
    - Rajid is a better systems analyst, while Sean has the soft skills that Rajid lacks. On top of that he already worked with Eurotrans before.
7. What exactly does an "international logistics company" do?
    - I don't know.
8. Who will be responsible for writing the program manual and the help program?
    - Ian Jones will be responsible for documentation and is, as such, in charge of manuals.


## Role Play: A project team meeting
[Material](./Material/20180129_project_logistics.pdf)

### Roles
#### Thema
Porn Website
##### Project Lead
- Create an agenda for the meeting and make sure that it is fulfilled  
`Markus`
##### system analyst
`Dustin`
##### documentation leader
`Sven`
##### report writer
`Tobias`
##### customer
`Florian`

